#EXTM3U url-tvg="https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id/mncvision.id.epg.xml, https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id/vidio.com.epg.xml, https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/my/astro.com.my.epg.xml, https://macan.tv/xmltv.php?username=epg&password=epg"  refresh="3600"

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INDONESIA", DONASI GOPAY 085155227933
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/apmezzrgt4wapua/subs.mp4?dl=0.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_80.png",RCTI
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_81.png",GTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_82.png",MNC TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm					   
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_83.png",iNews
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_115.png",ANTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_indosiar_small1.png?v=2.0.0.15",INDOSIAR
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s04/index.m3u8 

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_sctv_small1.png?v=2.0.0.15",SCTV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s03/01.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_87.png",Trans TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_110.png",Trans 7
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/tvone.png",TVOne
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/metro_tv.png",Metro TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rajawali_tv_id.png",Rajawali TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_106.png",Kompas TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_118.jpg",TVRI Nasional
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_113.jpg",Jak TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/da-ai-tv-indonesia-tw-in.png",Da Ai TV Indonesia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bandung_tv_id.png",Bandung TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_116.jpg",NET
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_103.jpg",Berita Satu News
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_84.png",MNC News
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/iBcm_IDX.jpg",IDX Channel
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Nasional" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_336.png",SEA Today
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_cnnindonesia_small1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="TV Nasional",CNN INDONESIA
http://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/chunklist_w2069650134_b280000_sleng.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/3/35/CNBC_Indonesia.png" group-title="TV Nasional",CNBC INDONESIA
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/chunklist_w1352897452_b280000_sleng.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/aljazeera.png",Aljazeera English
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_332.jpg",BBC World News Asia Pacific
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bloomberg.png",Bloomberg TV Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_353.png",CGTN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_330.png",CNA
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnbc.png",CNBC Asia-Pacific
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnn_new.jpg",CNN International Asia Pacific
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_357.png",DW English
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/euronews_fr.png",EuroNews English
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/fox_news_channel.png",Fox News Channel
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/france_150px.jpg",France 24 English
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_355.jpeg",NHK World Japan
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nhk_150.png",NHK World Premium
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rt_ru_english.png",RT English
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/trt_world_tr.png",TRT World
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_350.png",ABC Australia Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/anhui_tv_cn.png",Anhui TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_351.png",Arirang World
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_240.png",Rock Entertainment
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/HGTV_150x150px-01.png",HGTV Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hunan_cn_tv.png",Hunan TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jiangsu_tv.png",Jiangsu TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_90.png",Lifestyle & Fashion
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/LifeStyleFashion/sa_dash_vmx/LifeStyleFashion.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_167.jpg",Lifetime Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_79.jpg",M Shop Signature
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShop/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShop.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_88.jpg",M Shop Super Sale!
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShopSmart/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShopSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_86.png",MNC Entertainment
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_96.png",MNC Infotainment
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_95.png",OK TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_164.png",ONE
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/dragon-tv-cn.png",Dragon TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-5-monde-asie-fr.png",TV5Monde Asie
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV5/sa_dash_vmx/TV5.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_94.png",Vision Prime
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/star_xing_kong_hk.png",Xing Kong TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KPlus.MACAN" tvg-name="Kplus" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/smpNq8Z/xgnf.png" group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle",K+
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h08/01.m3u8?fluxustv.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NASATVPublic.us" url-tvg="" tvg-country="US" tvg-language="English" tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/N/NASA-logo-9411797223-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Knowledge",NASA TV 
https://ntv1.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014075/NASA-NTV1-HLS/master_2000.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bbc_earth150x150.jpg",BBC Earth Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_112.png",Besmart
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_205.png",CGTN Documentary
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/logo-ci.jpg",Crime + Investigation Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_206.png",History Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_202.png",National Geographic Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_204.png",National Geographic Wild Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/baby_tv.png",Baby TV Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_39.png",ZooMoo
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cbeebies_150.png",CBeebies Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_46.png",Kids TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/miawme150x150.jpg",Miao Mi
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickjr.jpg",Nick Jr Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickelodeon.png",Nickelodeon South East Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Animax_150x150.png",Animax Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_7.png", Cinemachi HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-HD.mpd
#https://punya.mammothtv.my.id/vision/cinemachi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_8.png", Cinemachi Action HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Action/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Action.mpd
#https://punya.mammothtv.my.id/vision/cinemachi-action.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Cinemachi.id" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_9.png",Cinemachi Kids HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Kids-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Kids-HD.mpd
#https://punya.mammothtv.my.id/vision/cinemachi-kids.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Cinemachi.id" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_10.png",Cinemachi Max HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Max-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Max-HD.mpd
#https://punya.mammothtv.my.id/vision/cinemachi-max.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Cinemachi.id" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_6.png",Cinemachi Xtra HD
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Xtra-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Xtra-HD.mpd
#https://punya.mammothtv.my.id/vision/cinemachi-xtra.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/axn_150x150.jpg",AXN East Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_22.png",Celestial Classic Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/celestial.png",Celestial Movies Indonesia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cinema_world_asia.png",CinemaWorld
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fmn.jpg",FMN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_160.jpg",HITS
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_169.png",HITS Movies
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/KIX_LOGO_150x150.jpg",KIX
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_18.jpg",Star Chinese Movies South East Asia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCM/sa_dash_vmx/SCM.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/thrill_150x150px.jpg",Thrill
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_0.png",TVN Premium Indonesia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_109.png",TVN Movies Indonesia
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_23.png",Zee Bioskop
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-id="imc.id" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4r2D8xN.png",IMC
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_111.png",Music TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", MTV Music
https://i.mjh.nz/PlutoTV/6245d15062cd1f00070a2338-alt.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", MTV Queens of Pop
https://i.mjh.nz/PlutoTV/62ac44b44f1912000705274c-alt.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", Yo! MTV
http://stitcher-ipv4.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5d14fc31252d35decbc4080blivestitch/master.m3u8?deviceType=samsung-tvplus&deviceMake=samsung&deviceModel=samsung&deviceVersion=unknown&appVersion=unknown&deviceLat=0&deviceLon=0&deviceDNT=%7BTARGETOPT%7D&deviceId=%7BPSID%7D&advertisingId=%7BPSID%7D&us_privacy=1YNY&samsung_app_domain=%7BAPP_DOMAIN%7D&samsung_app_name=%7BAPP_NAME%7D&profileLimit=&profileFloor=&embedPartner=samsung-tvplus&profilesFromStream=true

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", MTV Urban Music
https://i.mjh.nz/PlutoTV/62444f34ea3ade0007ade6ac-alt.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", MTV Party Music
https://i.mjh.nz/PlutoTV/61ea759737679900078ff559-alt.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png",Vevo Retro Rock
http://stitcher-ipv4.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/61d4b38226b8a50007fe03a6/master.m3u8?deviceType=samsung-tvplus&deviceMake=samsung&deviceModel=samsung&deviceVersion=unknown&appVersion=unknown&deviceLat=0&deviceLon=0&deviceDNT=%7BTARGETOPT%7D&deviceId=%7BPSID%7D&advertisingId=%7BPSID%7D&us_privacy=1YNY&samsung_app_domain=%7BAPP_DOMAIN%7D&samsung_app_name=%7BAPP_NAME%7D&profileLimit=&profileFloor=&embedPartner=samsung-tvplus

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", Vevo Pop
http://stitcher-ipv4.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5d93b635b43dd1a399b39eee/master.m3u8?deviceType=samsung-tvplus&deviceMake=samsung&deviceModel=samsung&deviceVersion=unknown&appVersion=unknown&deviceLat=0&deviceLon=0&deviceDNT=%7BTARGETOPT%7D&deviceId=%7BPSID%7D&advertisingId=%7BPSID%7D&us_privacy=1YNY&samsung_app_domain=%7BAPP_DOMAIN%7D&samsung_app_name=%7BAPP_NAME%7D&profileLimit=&profileFloor=&embedPartner=samsung-tvplus

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", Vevo R&B
http://stitcher-ipv4.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5da0d83f66c9700009b96d0e/master.m3u8?deviceType=samsung-tvplus&deviceMake=samsung&deviceModel=samsung&deviceVersion=unknown&appVersion=unknown&deviceLat=0&deviceLon=0&deviceDNT=%7BTARGETOPT%7D&deviceId=%7BPSID%7D&advertisingId=%7BPSID%7D&us_privacy=1YNY&samsung_app_domain=%7BAPP_DOMAIN%7D&samsung_app_name=%7BAPP_NAME%7D&profileLimit=&profileFloor=&embedPartner=samsung-tvplus

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", Vevo True School Hip-Hop
http://stitcher-ipv4.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/61d4c2817a823d00070ba53e/master.m3u8?deviceType=samsung-tvplus&deviceMake=samsung&deviceModel=samsung&deviceVersion=unknown&appVersion=unknown&deviceLat=0&deviceLon=0&deviceDNT=%7BTARGETOPT%7D&deviceId=%7BPSID%7D&advertisingId=%7BPSID%7D&us_privacy=1YNY&samsung_app_domain=%7BAPP_DOMAIN%7D&samsung_app_name=%7BAPP_NAME%7D&profileLimit=&profileFloor=&embedPartner=samsung-tvplus

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="hhttps://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", Vevo Reggaeton & Trap
http://stitcher-ipv4.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f32f397795b750007706448/master.m3u8?deviceType=samsung-tvplus&deviceMake=samsung&deviceModel=samsung&deviceVersion=unknown&appVersion=unknown&deviceLat=0&deviceLon=0&deviceDNT=%7BTARGETOPT%7D&deviceId=%7BPSID%7D&advertisingId=%7BPSID%7D&us_privacy=1YNY&samsung_app_domain=%7BAPP_DOMAIN%7D&samsung_app_name=%7BAPP_NAME%7D&profileLimit=&profileFloor=&embedPartner=samsung-tvplus

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="hhttps://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", Vevo Latino
http://stitcher-ipv4.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5da0d64d0e8a62000964ebe4/master.m3u8?deviceType=samsung-tvplus&deviceMake=samsung&deviceModel=samsung&deviceVersion=unknown&appVersion=unknown&deviceLat=0&deviceLon=0&deviceDNT=%7BTARGETOPT%7D&deviceId=%7BPSID%7D&advertisingId=%7BPSID%7D&us_privacy=1YNY&samsung_app_domain=%7BAPP_DOMAIN%7D&samsung_app_name=%7BAPP_NAME%7D&profileLimit=&profileFloor=&embedPartner=samsung-tvplus

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", XITE
https://xite-samsung-de.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", Trace Urban
https://lightning-traceurban-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", Pluto TV Music
https://i.mjh.nz/PlutoTV/5d4af2a24f1c5ab2d298776b-alt.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", CMC
https://cmctv.ios.internapcdn.net/cmctv_vitalstream_com/live_1/CMCU-92/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png",CMT Music
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS08/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", New KPop
https://8fd4e0b07d96480eb52382739cc8acce.mediatailor.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/v1/master/44f73ba4d03e9607dcd9bebdcb8494d86964f1d8/Samsung_NewKID/playlist.m3u8?ads.wurl_channel=617&ads.wurl_name=NewKID&ads.us_privacy=1YNY&ads.psid=%7BPSID%7D&ads.targetopt=%7BTARGETOPT%7D&ads.app_domain=%7BAPP_DOMAIN%7D&ads.app_name=%7BAPP_NAME%7D&ads.coppa=0

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Musik" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/LIFE_IS_MUSIC_LOGO_PNG_1300x1300_black.png", Pluto TV K-Pop
https://i.mjh.nz/PlutoTV/61560abb6ae4b60007300555-alt.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fightsport.jpg",Fight Sports
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_102.png",Sportstars 1
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_98.png",Sportstars 2
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_99.png",Sportstars 3
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Soccer-2/sa_dash_vmx/Soccer-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_101.png",Soccer Channel
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://assetsmysky.blob.core.windows.net/assetsmysky/production/media-upload/1634257286_thumb-spotv.png",SPOTV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://assetsmysky.blob.core.windows.net/assetsmysky/production/media-upload/1634257305_thumb-spotv-2.png",SPOTV 2
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MotorvisionTV.de" tvg-name="Motorvision TV" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="http://www.dens.tv/images/channel-logo/98.jpg", Motorvision TV HD
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h09/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/ewtn_us.png",EWTN
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EWTN/sa_dash_vmx/EWTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_91.png",LIFE
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Life/sa_dash_vmx/Life.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-mu-id.png",TV Mu
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_92.png",Muslim TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_93.png",Quran TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/reformed_21_id.png",Reformed 21
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Reformed21/sa_dash_vmx/Reformed21.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_105.png",Tawaf TV
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDljNDU5NmYtYmJjOC0zOTMzLWE0NjctZmEwMTVkOGQzZDNm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv9_surabaya_id.png",TV 9 Nusantara
https://nyanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd

#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Ufa TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch27.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Bina Madani TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch20.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",RadioKita TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch16.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Ahsan TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch4.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Muadz TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch5.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Al Bahjah TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch64.m3u8

#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.rasyaad.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/logo-rasyaad.png",RASYAAD TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch6.m3u8

#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/medstv.jpg",MEDS TV ACEH
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch23.m3u8

#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/ufa tv.png",UFA TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch27.m3u8

#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/rodja.png",RODJA TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch26.m3u8

#EXTINF:-101 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/makkah.png",MAKKAH TV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s28/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:-102 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/medina.png",MADINAH TV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s27/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:-103 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/surautv.png",SURAU TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch3.m3u8

#EXTINF:-104 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/ashiiltv.png",ASHIIL TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch2.m3u8

#EXTINF:-105 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/alimantv.png",AL IMAN TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch9.m3u8

#EXTINF:-106 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/insantv.png",INSAN TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch1.m3u8

#EXTINF:-107 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/ahsan.png"",AHSAN TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch4.m3u8

#EXTINF:-108 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/367F1A03-8317-448A-B336-CB5E0B14BD78.jpeg",ALFURQON TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch24.m3u8

#EXTINF:-109 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/HIJRAH TV.jpg",HIJRAH TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch8.m3u8

#EXTINF:-110 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/sjp tv.png",SJP TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch17.m3u8

#EXTINF:-111 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/niagatv.png",NIAGA TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch10.m3u8

#EXTINF:-113 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/izzahtv.png",IZZAH TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch7.m3u8

#EXTINF:-113 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/izzahtv.png",IZZAH TV (Backup)
https://streaming.radiosalamjambi.com/izzahtv.m3u8

#EXTINF:-114 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/muadztv.png",MUADZ TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch5.m3u8

#EXTINF:-115 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/mgitv.png",MGI TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch25.m3u8

#EXTINF:-115 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/radio hidayah.png",HIDAYAH TV
https://tv.rodja.live/hidayah/streaming/chunklist_w1269386482.m3u8

#EXTINF:-116 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/binbaztv.png",BINBAZ TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch22.m3u8
